Adds configuration to build docs and publish on packer.io (#21)
mondoohq/packer-plugin-mondoo: docs/mondoo.mdx

---

> description: The Mondoo packer provisioner will scan builds for vulnerabilities and misconfigurations by executing security policies-as-code.

Reviewer: @scottford-io Please have a look at this description, I just threw something in quickly, feel free to improve!

Author: ```suggestion
description: The Mondoo packer provisioner scans machine-image builds for vulnerabilities and misconfigurations by executing security policies-as-code.
```

@preslavgerchev small suggestion
